hi welcome to our site but freedom in
Christ we have a passion to do
everything we possibly can to help
Christian leaders make disciples not
just convert just everything's in color
now that's the only way I can describe
it it just felt like I discovered this
treasure I come to know that the Lord
loves me the way I am
our role is to put a set of tools into
your hands tools that are based firmly
on biblical principles
seeing people empowered seeing people
really see people learning how to stand
on trees and walk into freedom is
sampled at certain characters free it
releases people from the oppression that
they've struggled under for you we're
best known for our freedom in Christ
discipleship course written specifically
for the UK Church it's now been used by
over a hundred and fifty thousand people
and been translated into several
languages it's the most exciting
material I've ever handled in the whole
of my ministry and I want to continue to
handle it even when I pass the
retirement age I want to be involved in
setting people free there's a powerful
version for young people to some young
people think to get to God it's our
access to their heavenly father they
have to go through that church leader or
their youth leader or some kind of
Christian celebrity and repacked be
prayed for at the right event
well freedom across for young people
says is that you have your own
relationship with your heavenly Father
and that you've just just much access to
his throne room as anyone else you'll
also want to check out the grace course
a wonderful way to help people go deeper
in their walk with God we discover the
joy of their salvation and learn to
serve out of genuine rest I'm finding it
for the first time in I don't I don't
want say how many is the decades I've
been a Christian I'm suddenly getting it
that actually this is grace it's it is
amazing and it's not about my
performance he just wants my heart the
grace cause has really introduced Christ
back into my life and knowing that I
love him and he loves me
we've put video clips throughout the
site to make it easy for you to get the
information you want quickly but if you
want to dig deeper you'll find plenty of
depth to let me draw your attention
especially perhaps to the events section
where you'll find details of the many
equipping days we run around the country
they are a great way to get started also
have a look at the shop where you'll
find details of our discipleship courses
and a whole host of other resources to
equip you and your team I hope you enjoy
the site and I hope you share our
excitement about ordinary converts
becoming fruitful disciples who do
extraordinary things for God if we can
do anything to help you make disciples
or if you have any questions please do
get in touch